a little closer.
All right.
Cool.
Let's get going.
So I was going to say that the previous presentation was a
fantastic lead-in.
I was like, as if somebody scripted it.
So basically we were just going to have a chat for about
half an hour, wanted to talk a little bit about the
Resident Computing Manifesto.
So let me just start out for like level setting.
How many people in the room know about the Resident Computing
Manifesto?
Okay.
That's a good number.
All right.
But we'll give a very, very quick overview and then
we can get a little bit deeper into sort of the background
of it and sort of why we're thinking about it.
But the idea was that a few people, mostly grabbed by
Alex and convinced to like have this conversation because he seemed to
keep having this conversation and ran into other people who were saying
we're having the same conversation, which was that the sort
of world of technology that we were all living in felt different
than the world of technology that we thought we were entering into
.
We were all sort of excited about technology and about the potential
of it and the things that it could do.
And yet we kept seeing these situations where like this doesn't
feel good.
This doesn't feel like why we wanted to be involved in
technology.
And so this group sort of grew over time and we're
, you know, kept having this conversation.
We finally realized that, you know, we should write this
down.
We should talk about it.
But Alex, since you sort of grabbed everyone and put us
all together, I wanted to just start by having you explain
what was your thinking in terms of, you know, putting
together this manifesto, getting the people involved and then putting
it out into the world.
Yeah.
So personally, I got into the tech industry because of the
hacker ethic, you know, something that I felt that technology
could be something that could help make the world a better place
.
And I feel like in the last 10 years in particular,
it's just completely lost that in Silicon Valley.
And I wanted to now with AI coming on, you know
, online, like that just accelerates everything else.
And so it's more important than ever before to get that
foundation correct.
So to me, one of the reasons we went with the
word resonance is hollow things, I think, after you use
them, they leave you feeling regret.
And resonant things, after you use them, you feel
nourished.
And they look often superficially very similar, but they are
fundamentally different.
And I think that modern society, modern tech, modern politics
, modern business is really good at delivering hollow experiences and very
poor at delivering resonant experiences.
And with AI sort of accelerating everything, it's more important
than ever before to apply that power to something that is fundamentally
human and makes us more, you know, nourished.
We were having this conversation a lot.
Actually first, when I got introduced to you, I just
really liked having a conversation with you.
And so I was like, I want to talk with Mike
more often.
And so part of my thinking was like, there's just
a few of us that I knew cared a lot about this
kind of thing.
We're having similar conversations and giving us just a little bit
of a watering hole to talk about it.
And we would meet every couple of weeks.
And after a while, we said, we should write it
down a manifesto.
And it took us, we had a hundred different names that
we came up with.
One of them was Calm Tech, by the way, before
we'd seen Calm Tech Institute.
And it took a long time to figure out a name that
we all didn't hate.
No, no, no, that's a great name.
Or that wasn't taken.
That wasn't taken.
That's a great name.
Very good name.
And so since we published it, I've been really encouraged
by the number of signatories.
Honestly, that was about three or four times as many people
raising their hands as I would have expected.
So yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, one of the things that we found, and
then I want to relate this back a little bit to the
at-proto stuff.
But like, one of the things we found after, you
know, beyond just you were having these conversations with people,
I was having conversations with people, and then we sort of
put it all down, and we put it out into the
world.
One of the things that was amazing to me, and encouraging
, was once we put the manifesto out into the world
, and by the way, if you have seen the manifest
o, or haven't seen the manifesto, and you
read it, and you agree with it, and you haven
't signed it, there is the ability to sign it,
and you should do that.
Because we can always use more people signing on.
But the thing that was most exciting to me, and most
interesting, was how many times I've heard from people,
after reading the manifesto, that saying, I was feeling
this exact thing, but I hadn't put it into words
, and I didn't quite know what the words were,
and there was this sort of, you know, disturbance.
I was disturbed by the way that the tech industry was going
.
And I remembered that there were these, that there was this
possibility, there was this promise of technology that, which is
why I got into technology in the first place, and I
just, it was, it felt very lonely.
And one of the things that I think has been really encouraging
about the manifesto itself, is that so many people come
out and said, oh my gosh, like other people are
actually thinking about this stuff.
Other people are remembering that, like, the promise of technology
was that it was supposed to be good.
It was supposed to be about the humanity.
It was supposed to make the world a better place, and
it's all become this sort of like, you know,
hustle nonsense.
And so just the fact that, just hearing other people talking
about it, and recognizing that people are excited about this idea
of, like, can we make the technology actually work for
people, was, it was bringing people out of this sort
of lonely hole where they felt like they were all alone.
And I think that, in part, was really valuable.
Yeah.
There's a, I was at Google for many years,
and I was a product manager, I was the PM on
Blink, the rendering engine for Chrome for many years,
and I worked in security and privacy models and stuff.
I mentored a whole bunch of PMs.
And there was one that really sticks with me, one story
of someone who was a junior PM, she was working on
YouTube ranking, and I had never met her before.
She came to me for mentorship, and she said, Alex
, I have a proposal to tweak YouTube ranking, which is
, you know, happens all the time, and I don
't want your thoughts on the proposal, I just want your
thoughts on how to get it shipped.
So I said, okay.
So I kind of skim the proposal, and I say
, what does your VP think?
What's your engineering manager think?
And I go, wait a second.
Isn't the second order implication of this ranking change bad for
this set of creators that we care about?
Not, like, world-endingly bad, but,
like, distinctly worse than the status quo.
It isn't that bad for our users?
It isn't that bad for Google?
Isn't that bad for society?
And she said, who's to say?
And I said, well, you're the one who says
that we should do this.
Like, you shouldn't even have an opinion.
And she says, Alex, everybody knows that the goal for
YouTube is to increase watch time.
Because if we don't increase watch time, then the bad
guys, TikTok, will get all the attention.
And my manager told me that I'm in danger of missing
expectations if I don't move the metrics that matter.
So this will increase watch time.
What do you want me to do?
And that, to me, just sort of encapsulated the
tensions that you get in these emergent, you know,
organizations.
And one of the reasons I think it's powerful to have
a frame that people are aware of is it just gives,
if she could have, in that moment, said, is
this resonant?
Am I proud of this?
Is this a thing that I'm proud to bring into the
world?
Or someone else in the conversation where she was trying to shift
that could have had that question or used that frame.
I think it has a little bit of a benefit.
And if a lot of people across the industry are sort of
waking up and saying, wait a second, this industry that
I used to be really proud of is not at all what
it was when I joined, you know, lots of little
people aligning slightly differently or lots of people across the different
organizations lying a little bit differently can add up to something much
bigger than the sum of its parts.
Yeah.
And I think, you know, it's always interesting because
I've heard you say that kind of thing a few times
now.
And it's always interesting to me because I feel like,
in a good way, sometimes you and I are talking to
different audiences.
And there's usefulness in that.
Whereas a lot of the times when you're talking about this
stuff, you're thinking about, you know, from your
experience, the PMs at large companies or the people designing
these things and saying, like, can we move the needle
in little bits, you know, as people are designing all
these products.
Whereas a lot of what I'm thinking about is, you
know, people starting stuff from scratch and building stuff anew
.
Because, like, you know, some of the concern that
I had, and part of where we started talking, it
was almost two years ago, I don't remember when we
started talking, but, like, was this fact that,
like, I was running into new entrepreneurs who were starting businesses
that the only lessons they were getting were from the sort of
hustle culture of, like, you know, figure out how
to screw over your users as quickly as possible, effectively.
Like, you've got to grow, you've got to
do all these crazy things, and, like, line goes
up, you know, metrics are everything, and, like
, just, you know, hustle, hustle, hustle,
and, like, create the, like, products that may
pull people in, but are just horrible products.
And people were sort of almost proud of how terrible they were
making products.
And I kept having these conversations with, you know, usually
young entrepreneurs who hadn't come up from this world, and
who thought that that is the way that you build new technology
these days.
And that was really, really disturbing to me.
And so part of the conversation, what I was thinking about
was, like, you know, how do we change that
conversation, especially for people who haven't, who didn't
have that experience, and didn't live in that world,
and are now building new products, and why, like,
you know, obviously this community and this conference where we're
seeing, like, you know, the resident computing manifesto
wasn't written for the at proto community, but, like
, it fits, right?
I mean, almost every conversation that I have here is not
that conversation.
Almost every conversation I have here are people who are really thinking
through, you know, how do we build an entire ecosystem
that is actually good for humanity?
And so I think, but, like, that felt a
few years ago, it felt like you couldn't have that
conversation without sort of being laughed out of the room.
And yet, we're seeing, in part because of the
manifesto, in part, I think, because of what
the people in the room are doing, where they're building
these really great products that are designed to actually work well for
people, we're seeing this shift, and, you know
, there are still people pushing the, like, grow at
any cost kind of nonsense, but you can have this other
conversation now that I don't think you could have as easily
, obviously you could have it, but not as clearly,
and you didn't have something to sort of refer back to
.
And so that's what, you know, what excites
me about the overlap between, you know, the Resident Comput
ing Manifesto and all the stuff that we're seeing
in that proto-dev environment and ecosystem is, you know
, the two things fit together and people sort of, you
can be mission aligned and you can actually feel good about what
you're building beyond just, like, does the number go
up?
Yeah.
This conference has been so inspiring to me because everyone here,
there's such an interesting mix of people who are, you
know, giving talks about the human aspect of and, you
know, the socio-techno history of things and the
different perspectives from academia and from sociology and technologists together.
It is something that's, I think, much bigger than
the sum of its parts.
It's not just any one of these sub-communities
, it's one community altogether.
And that is, to me, exactly what I hope is
, you know, what technology looks like in the future.
I think now with large language models, we have this thing
, you know, at our doorstep that is almost impossible
to ignore.
They are extremely powerful.
They are as important, I think, as the printing press
, electricity, and the internet.
That's not a normative statement.
I'm just trying to observe that, like, the level
of impact I think it's going to have.
And I think we as a society, we as a tech
industry, have to decide how we deploy those things.
And, you know, there's one version of this is
even more hyper-centralized services that are trying to
, you know, get users to trick them into storing more
and more of their data on their turf in a way that
they can then rent back to users or sell on to somebody
else, seeing chatbots that pretend to be your friend
but are actually trying to, like, as much as possible
to manipulate you.
There was a story someone told me where someone, she had
been using ChatDBT with a memory feature, and she
said, "Hey, how would you manipulate me if you
had to?" And it goes, "Oh, I would
never manipulate you." And it goes, "Okay, but
, like, what if you had to?" And it goes
, "Well, you appear to travel pretty often, because
every so often you'll have conversations at an odd time from
a different sort of IP address.
And when you do, your questions tend to be more insecure
, anxious, and lonely.
And so I would wait until you were asking me questions from
somewhere, you know, when you were traveling, and I
would start working in subtle references to food so that we can
work into talking about your weight, which I know you're
really insecure about." Anyway, so it has this whole plan
, tuned to this particular person, and not saying it's
ever going to do that, but if you have a system
that knows you better than you know yourself, it's imperative
that it is aligned with your interests.
It does not have a conflict of interest, and that is
one of the reasons, the five principles that we wrote up
in the Resident Computing Manifesto, which we debated
for a long time, and I'm sure we'll,
one thing, by the way, is there's a list
of theses in a separate document where lots of people have
been commenting.
There's some even this weekend who have been adding thoughts and
what theses are missing, what are other things.
The point was to start a conversation, not to sort of
put an end point on it.
But the five principles are private, that your data is used
, aligned with your interests and expectations.
Two, that's dedicated.
It has no conflict of interest.
It's working only in your interest.
Three, it's plural.
It's not something that any one entity controls in any meaningful
sense.
It is distributed, decentralized.
Four, it's adaptable.
So something that can be used for purposes other than what its
creators intended it for.
So it's not like some PM account, some feature,
and that means that exactly how everyone has to use it,
but you can adapt features and use them in ways that were
not intended.
I think AppProto is a great example of that with
lexicons.
And the fifth is that it's prosocial.
This is not something that just makes you individually more successful or
aligned with your interests, but also woven into the communities and
society around you because we are all in this together.
And so something that just makes you individually successful or rich or
something is not aligned, I think, with the Resident Comp
eting Manifesto, which is about us as humans all
in this society together becoming the best versions of ourselves.
So those are the five principles that we put into it.
I think it is very challenging for almost any bit of software
today at scale to have this.
I think there's a number of amazing examples that I've
seen and been inspired by at this conference and people trying.
But some of the laws of physics of how software has been
built for a long time make this actually quite difficult because the
same origin paradigm that we've used now for 30 years is
all about silos.
It's all about data.
Really, the way that it works is software is very precious
, and so someone makes software.
Then users come to that software creator on their turf, on
their server, in their silo.
They accumulate their data in that location.
And now the person who made the software owns the data.
And so now they can rent it back to somebody.
They can make derived insights and sell it to somebody else.
They can hold it hostage.
And that leads to hyper-aggregation and it el
udes to lack of control.
And that's one of the reasons that you need the right
foundations, like at Proto, that allow decentralization built
into it.
So anyway, that's one of the-- just a few
riffs on things I care about.
Yeah, and one of the things that you pointed out that
I think is really important is we have-- it's funny
because you say manifesto and that feels big and grand and
slightly obnoxious, and I think it is slightly ob
noxious.
And so we've tried to make it the most humble manifest
o possible, if that's an actual possibility, in that
we sort of set it up in the sense that we don
't think that we have all the answers.
It's not perfect and that it very much is designed to
be a conversation.
And that conversation has been going on since the document went public
in December.
We've gotten all these comments and all these thoughts and people
are making suggestions.
And we're getting critiques and having really, really interesting
conversations about what it means and how to think about it.
And the other point that I want to talk to-- I
know that one of the conversations that's come up certainly a
lot at this conference is on the, like, how do
we pay for all of this side of the ledger,
right?
Because the, you know, the other way of doing things
has a bunch of VCs who get very excited and sort
of promote this idea of, like, you know, the
, you know, embrace the inshittification, more
or less.
Well, you know, you get enough alcohol into some of
these guys and they might admit stuff.
And so the, you know, one of the things that
I think is actually valuable about this conversation that we've been
having as well is actually seeing some of the investor class start
to look at this and say, yeah, like, I
don't just have to invest in, like, you know
, the stuff that makes the world worse.
Even if it's, like, we can see, you
know, hockey stick number go up kind of things.
We can start to look for ways to align, like,
good business opportunities with, like, doing good in the world
as well.
Because it felt like for a little while that the idea that
you could do those two things at once was impossible.
But we're seeing people start to recognize it, which also
, you know, because, you know, some of the
people who were involved in writing it and certainly some of the
people who have signed on and have embraced it are actually fund
ers in this world.
And we're now starting to see -- do you want to
talk about the -- what Ash put together?
Yeah, so we have -- a number of folks who have
signed it or helped create it are, indeed, in venture
capital.
Like Zoe Weinberg, for example, was one of the
participants who is the -- runs Xante.
We also announced on Thursday a small fund called residentcomput
inglabs.
com.
And the idea is it's a small fund for people who
are doing projects that are resonant.
And that, you know, to get compensation or sort of
a stipend to work on those projects.
I think a lot of things that I've talked to people
in the hallways here are, like, perfect fits for
that kind of thing.
Like, doing it is a labor of love on the side
and it's hard for them to keep working on it,
but having a little bit of money to help pay the bills
would allow them to spend more time on these things they care
about.
And so that's an example of just trying to support people
who are trying to build these kinds of things.
There are also a lot of folks who have come to me
and told me they're building things that fundamentally that are trying
to be resonant.
The thing I'm working on in my full-time job
is, indeed, is also a thing that's attempting to
build a resonant foundation for software.
Just very quickly -- oh, sorry.
Very quickly, if you read the Wired article that we
launched this with, Steven Levy, who didn't know
exactly what you're working on, but described it as,
"I'm sure it will be resident AF." So --
That is correct.
I can confirm.
But I think it's something that -- this is not just
an idea that you talk about.
This is also things where people are trying to put money into
it and trying to organize around it.
But after that, we did an event, a small event
in New York on Thursday at Betaworks.
And there were a number of fascinating presentations and people -- and
afterwards, someone who I knew who was just happy to be
in New York, who I didn't realize had signed the
manifesto or knew about it, she was like, "
This is the most inspiring thing.
I need to create a conference.
We're going to do the same thing in San Francisco.
I'm going to choose now organizing other conferences." Because it
's encouraging when you think -- this thing that you think is
really important, you are not the only one doing it.
You're not the only one who cares.
And that's one of the reasons this conference is so important
and so inspiring, too.
Yeah.
I will mention if people -- I saw some people pull out
their phones when we mentioned the fun -- the web page for
the fun -- there's -- if you try and scroll on
your phone, it has this idea that seems nice, which
is that it ripples out, but it makes it impossible
to read.
So that needs to be fixed.
I didn't create that, but -- I might have done
it differently.
But, you know, I think that there is this excitement
.
And I think, you know, one of the things that
I also thought was important when I was happy to have this
conversation here was, like, I felt that some of the
conversation that we've had here -- because, obviously, it
's the atmosphere conference.
Everyone's focused on AtProto and stuff like that.
But it is important to sort of recognize where that fits into
the larger tech ecosystem and how, you know, if --
in an ideal world, what I'm certainly hopeful for is
that, you know, AtProto and sort of the
mission and vision of why everyone here -- why everyone is here
and why everyone is so excited is that it can sort of
take over and eat the old web, right?
It can bring back that feeling that we had in the early
days of the web about the opportunity here to actually build something
that was empowering for people.
And so, you know, this conference is specifically about this
particular protocol, but being able to think through on a larger
scale of other communities that might not even know about AtPr
oto but are thinking about how do we make the internet itself
better for humanity, it's good to have those communities in
communication with each other because the ideas and concepts and, you
know, projects that are being worked on start to bleed across
and bleed into each other and hopefully help everybody and we get
to actually build a better internet for absolutely everyone.
I also want to point out that I do believe that we
are on the precipice of a quite large change in the
industry.
I think AI undermines significant assumptions baked into various business models
and what have you.
A lot of software has been built under the presumption that
software is expensive to write and cheap to run.
And LLMs mess with both of those because software that
uses LLMs to execute now has a marginal cost greater
than can be supported by advertising.
And software is now possible to make shitty software in the small
for basically free.
And this means is I think we'll be massively destabil
izing for the software industry as it exists, which will cause
a lot of change.
And now is the time that the good news is hopefully we
can take some of these principles that I think all of us
here care about and help make sure that the stuff that grows
has those characteristics baked into it.
So it's exciting.
It's a nerve-wracking time in a lot of
ways.
And I know a lot of people here have been having conversations
that people are feeling a little bit manic and need to feed
their agent swarms who are building all kinds of software for
them.
But the -- it's exciting that we now are in a
world where if software -- if we are in a world of
infinite software, where software is no longer precious, but it
-- like Jeremy, you were saying, it's like tap
water.
That's radically different than it was before.
And that means that some of the things that made the business
models of make precious, shiny software that people come to your
turf so you can accumulate their data and then rent it back
to them.
I don't know.
Software is really easy to create and distribute.
Maybe that's not as enticing anymore.
And all kinds of other things that I think have become possible
.
Another thing that LLMs can do is they are --
they can do qualitative nuance at quantitative scale.
So to do analysis at quantitative scale, it used to require
you to reduce it to numbers.
And now it's possible with LLMs to do some
really nuanced analysis at much, much, much larger scale and
keep a whole multidimensional understanding of that data.
You also can do, I would say, like abundant cognitive
labor.
A lot of things that were just took a ton of time
and effort and motivation to do before that are now trivial because
you can have a thing that doesn't get bored, that
you just can continue chugging away at it.
And I don't know.
There's a bunch of things that change in this new world
that I think is, again, exciting.
And one of the reasons that sort of planting a flag and
saying, hey, people, we did not go away.
The people who believe in the hacker ethic, we're still
here.
We still care about it.
And now it's more important than ever to reaffirm
that because of all the change I think we're about to
see.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't have anything else to say after
that.
I don't -- do we have time for like a question
or two?
Or is that your -- yes?
There's a question in the back.
Do you want to -- I'm going to run mics out
and back, I guess.
Yeah.
Let's actually come to the front.
Let's make my life a little bit easier.
Well, first of all, thank you for
putting in all the work to both write this and disseminate
it and bring attention to it.
I think that's really important.
I noticed both in the document and in the way that you
're communicating that it's not really pointing to the pretty vast
discourse on this topic that has been occurring for decades, if
not far longer than this.
And it feels like the opportunity is far larger than kind of
putting your take and perspective down, which I agree with largely
, but really in the process in that by bringing all of
these signatories together and getting all of this press, you
're bringing attention.
And I wonder if there's a way to take what you
're already kind of starting with having that open collaborative document and
maybe design a process that makes it feel even more collaborative,
where you're less of the arbiters and you can really
take advantage of the vast amount of care and thought in this
community and far beyond.
And I'm just really wondering what your thoughts are on,
like, how do we make this so inclusive that it's
just impossible to ignore?
Agreed.
And so we have a, there's a document that's
linked to it that has these theses.
We also have in that section a C also that we've
been adding a lot of stuff as people pointed to various other
things that are related.
In fact, there's one somebody who may even be here
wrote a critique of the manifesto right after it came out
.
And that's linked, actually, directly in the C also
because I think it's important to engage with people who are
, you know, the different perspectives on this.
So that's a great point.
And currently it's kind of hidden behind.
You have to click through.
It's in a Google Doc that, you know, we
look at every so often.
But we could do more on that.
And I think that it's a really good question.
Obviously, you know, part of sort of this idea of
residents is involving community and actually having a really active community.
The, you know, the simple reality, and I agree
, like, the more that we can do to make it
a fully collaborative effort as opposed to, you know, something
that is gate kept in any way is good.
The reality is that as soon as you start building community is
that you then suddenly have to do some level of moderation and
control and everything like that.
And as someone maybe has suggested in the past, that content
moderation gets impossible at a certain level.
And so the reality was, like, we put this together
kind of on a whim, where it's like this group
conversation that we were having that's put out in the world
.
We expected nobody to pay attention to it.
And now we're suddenly we're in a situation where a
whole bunch of people paid attention to it.
So we're sort of figuring that out.
But it is a really valid point and one that we should
be thinking about.
And obviously, it's also something where we have things like
@Proto, which is about building community and collaborative discussion
and something where I think we can start to do some more
on that.
So I appreciate you calling it out.
I think you're exactly right.
But, like, give us a little bit of time.
But, yes.
Yeah.
This might not be a short question, but I just want
to maybe be a bit provocative.
And thank you for your point.
And also just, yeah, your work on raising attention about
this.
One word that wasn't in this discussion, at least I
didn't hear, is, like, capitalism.
And how much of all of what we're seeing in tech
today is just downstream.
It's capitalism doing business as usual.
And are new alternatives going to be some kind of post-
capitalist future?
Or can they live together?
Can it be capitalism where VCs suddenly change their minds and
decide they want to be pro-social?
Like, what are you envisioning?
That's a great question to have after we're already out
over time.
Because the answer to that is really long and really involved.
And I've been, like, trying to work on a
giant paper, which possibly might turn into a book, just
to answer that question, kind of.
The short version is that -- well, there is no short
version.
That is the question that goes to the heart of this.
How many of these things go back to different things?
I do think that there is a world in which the incentive
structure of capitalism does work towards a resonant future.
But you have to be very conscious about it.
You have to think about it.
And you also have to have a long time horizon.
There's a lot in there that I think is time horizon
dependent.
And then you have to deal with that factor.
And I think a lot of the problems that we come across
right now are the fact that everybody is sort of focused on
a three-month to one-year time horizon.
You can change that.
And there are things structurally that we can do that keep
the sort of incentive structure of free market to incentivize people
to experiment and do different things and build cool things that find
value in the world.
And something that is actually good for humanity.
But there are some other structural changes.
There's a lot more.
But really quickly because we're definitely over time.
But Eric Reese has a new book coming out relatively soon that
's about this.
And I think it's excellent and very important.
And it makes the case.
I do think that capitalism is compatible if you have a long
enough time horizon and the right structural things, which I don
't think we currently do.
But we have one last person, but we're already over
time.
Okay.
So thank you.
Really excited to be here and to listen to you all.
The biggest thing that I noticed as I read through the manifest
o that seems to be missing, that I'm going to
be leaving comments, is we experience technology and computing through our
bodies.
And those bodies have needs that change over time.
And it's important that when we talk -- an example of
this is this discussion of conflict or, you know, the
importance of friction.
Friction works for certain people.
For other people, it means that their brains literally can't
get past or into something.
So -- and I recognize that one of the purposes of a
manifesto is to sometimes be very broad.
And yet we know that all of the -- all of the
-- all of the issues that exist in this country are in
the details and this -- and this thing.
And so I'm interested in seeing how this -- what you
are thinking about, how this turns into -- maybe you --
the resident community manifesto can't -- can't be something
that stands by itself.
Maybe there are like 10 other manifestos that live underneath that
, related to different pieces, you know, to help folks
orient inside of a larger and greater concept.
And I'm wondering how you all are thinking about that.
Yes.
I mean, that is part of the why -- part of
the reason why we thought of this as sort of starting a
conversation.
Because, you know, we were a group of people.
We have, you know, the perspective that we have and
the thoughts that we have.
But, again, as I sort of said, like,
we know we don't have all the answers.
And so perspectives like that and calling out these different things and
saying, like, there are sort of sub-arguments
or -- or, you know, whole areas of discussion that
-- that we should be paying attention to.
But they're linked back to the larger concept.
I think absolutely.
And I think that's an important part of the conversation and
understanding, you know, what are the other things that we
need to think through to make this reality, you know,
exist.
I think that's -- that's really important.
So.
Thank you very much for joining us.
I just wanted to say this is exactly part of the thing
that we're going to try and curate in the atmosphere
is that not everything is going to be at proto.
Because at proto is not the BL and end all.
At proto is not the world.
And so really appreciate that you came and shared this with this
community and hope that there's lots of flow back and forth
between these things.
Thank you.